Add a link to Jenkins declarative pipeline docs (#1194)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/extensibility.md

## 2. Modified Ready-Made Pipeline

This option describes how you can copy and paste one of the centrally maintained pipelines to make changes to it that are not possible otherwise.

> For example, with stage level exits or centrally-maintained pipelines, you can't change the order of stages and the stages that run in parallel or add new stages to a centrally maintained pipeline.

Reviewer: What are stage level exits?

Reviewer: Did you forget to remove 'to a centrally maintained pipeline' at the end there?

> Extensibility level two _Modified Ready-Made Pipeline_ allows you to modify your [declarative pipeline based on the syntax Jenkins provides](https://jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/syntax/#declarative-pipeline).

Reviewer: with level 2, you mean chapter 2?

This option describes how you can copy and paste one of the centrally maintained pipelines to make changes to it that are not possible otherwise.
For example, you can't change the order of stages and the stages that run in parallel or add new stages to a centrally maintained pipeline.

> _Modified Ready-Made Pipeline_ allow you to modify your [declarative pipeline based on the syntax Jenkins provides](https://jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/syntax/#declarative-pipeline).

Reviewer: How about this:
```suggestion
A _modified Ready-Made Pipeline_ allows you to modify your [declarative pipeline based on the syntax Jenkins provides](https://jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/syntax/#declarative-pipeline).
```
